What happens when you initialize a repository? 
Why do you need to do it?

Initialising a git repo adds a .git file to the existing repo.
This file I htink contains th metadata and history of 
tracked files within the repo.
You need to do it in order to change the repo from a regular 
folder into a git repo in which files may be tracked.



How is the staging area different from the working directory 
and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is closer to the git repository than the 
working directory, but is not yet a commit.
Its use is in that it allows one to track changes to a file 
that may be planned to be part of a commit but ends up not 
being logically connected to the change made.
It also means not everly literal thing needs to be included 
in every commit, eg background files/libraries etc that can be 
assumed as given.



How can you use the staging area to make sure 
you have one commit per logical change?

By running diffs between the staging area and the repository, 
and between the working directory and the staging area, 
it should be spotted if changes that belong together 
haven't been staged together, or if changes that don't belong 
together have.



What are some situations when branches would be helpful in 
keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

If writing an experimental feature or doing anything new.
Branches help in that you can play without disturbing 
the working master branch.



How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

By showing where the branches split the diagrams visually 
describe the last time/place the two branches were the 
same, which can help with merges etc.



What is the result of merging two branches together? 
Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The result is a new tip with the two previous tips as 
its two parents. We represent it as such in the diagram 
to show that this branch's log will include all the 
commits made on both previous branches.
